hello players walk this is useless
in today's lesson you're doing praises
and highlight groups because a lot of
you guys requested for it I'm going to
do the high hat party and break it down
into smaller bits let's do this it's
mostly a single stroke roll but then
that's a sixteenth note section I'm an
eighth note section so I'll just break
it down by C so that is the eighth note
section you can think of it in terms of
triplets as in groups of three so three
they accent on the first move and switch
it up accent on these notes on the left
hand also writes left in the order so it
goes like this so it's one two three one
two three one two three one two three
then has two linked together so it makes
a full single stroke roll thing
stuffs at the first part then we have
the sixteenth note section as five notes
just five minutes
I sent the last night so one two three
so then you put the two together and get
this that's actually the whole thing
just have to speed it up is when you
speed it up lie sounds but this is not
really much know anything so and the
accents are important that's what gives
it its Flair and order
let's put in a group and we see how it
sounds like so that's about it that's
the whole group full pattern so yeah
thanks for watching subscribe like
comment or that we'll see you next time
this year Fleming okay people
lastly that's my biscuit Ric now say hi
so uh I was I said I forget it
this is what the Wow how did you wash it
so tell